So today we're going to be testing out
GPT 5.4 with open core. If you've never
done this before, um basically there's a
new update from open core that actually
makes GPT 5.4 the native model if you
connect chat GBT to open core. I
actually set this up this morning and
the update just came out a few hours
ago. You can see for example we've asked
what API you using and it says the
session is running on open AI codeex GPT
5.4 via open claw right and this is a
powerful way to use this. Now,
this is really interesting because GPT
5.4 is not just like another model
upgrade. It's one of the first AI that
can literally control your computer like
a human. And if you're wondering, okay,
like why should you care? Well, imagine
your AI assistant can actually do things
on your computer for you. You not just
talk to you, not just give you answers,
but actually open apps, click buttons,
fill out spreadsheets, browse the web,
or complete full tasks all on its own.
That's basically what GT5.4 can do. And
when you combine it with open core, you
now have a personal AI assistant that
works across your gateway, WhatsApp,
Telegram, Slack, Discord, and 20 other
platforms powered by one of the smartest
AI models ever released. Now, the other
thing is well, if you're using for
example uh Claude, well, Claude can get
pretty expensive. Whereas, for example,
with this, you can go um directly here.
Now, before we get into this quickly,
what is open claw? So, let's start from
scratch. Openclaw is a free open source
personal AI assistant you can install on
your computer or server. Think of it
like having your own private chat GPT,
but way more powerful and personalized,
right? So, it connects to all the
messaging apps you use. You talk through
it through those apps and it responds
using AI. You can also browse the web,
control a browser, run schedule C uh run
scheduled tasks, manage files and use
skills, right? And the key thing is you
choose which AI brain powers it. You
could use claude, you could use GPT,
Gemini, Grock, etc. or even local models
running on your machine. And that's
where GPT 5.4 comes in. Now, if you're
wondering what is GPT 5.4, GPT 5.4 is
OpenAI's newest and most powerful AI
model. It was released on March 5th in
chat GPT, the API and codecs and it
brings together the best of Open's
recent advances in reasoning, coding and
agent workflows into a single model.
Now, there's been a lot of a lot of
people saying that they didn't like for
example GPT5 and those sort of models,
but I would say GPT 5.4 is a lot better
than previous versions of GT5. And um if
you're wondering, okay, what are some of
the biggest upgrades? Well, I'll talk
you through those in a second, but we'll
just get straight into this. So, for
example, we're going to do a test task
here. So, I'm going to say, okay, um,
let's see how responsive it is. So, I'm
going to say, you know, what is what is
2 plus2? And we're just going to see how
fast it is, just to see if it's fast
enough when it responds. Now, it's
pretty quick when it responds, like you
see right here. If you're using
something like Gemini 3.1 Flashlight,
that's going to be even faster to be for
to be fair versus something like GPT
5.4, before but at the same time it's
quick enough to use and the other thing
about uh using chat GBT codeex is that
the limits reset every single week right
and so I've never hit the usage limits
on openclaw with GD 5 point for any
other GP models using the codeex or
whereas for example if you're using
something like u claude af well number
one claude are like cutting back on that
and they say you shouldn't do that but
number two is you can hit the weekly
usage limits like really quickly uh
within claude and it also has session
limit usages as well. So, if you're
using GPT 5.4, typically you're going to
get more out of it. You're going to get
more tokens. You can use it more often.
You can use it more frequently without
running into session limits. So, that's
a big benefit, too. Now, we're going to
test browser control. So, I'm going to
say, okay, open up a browser
and check in the latest AI automation
news. Let's see if we can do that. See
how quick it takes as well. And what
I'll do is I'll share my whole screen so
you can see what's going on in the
background. So if we have a look here,
it's actually opened up a browser and
then we just have to allow permissions
like you can see and now it's beginning
to look through permissions. It's using
the browser. There were actual
benchmarks tested on this and actually
found that with GP 5.4 it can use a
computer better than a human apparently
according to the benchmarks. Now if you
believe that benchmarks are not, I'm not
here to debate that. I usually don't pay
much attention to them. But you can see
how it works right here. And it's it's
also got web fetch as well as a tool. So
it's using that to come up with ideas.
is now finding a bunch of stuff as you
can see and it's researching the ideas
right here
and then it's replied really quickly. So
now it's come back with a bunch of ideas
on the latest news and that sort of
thing and it seemed to use the browser
pretty quickly. It's very responsive as
well, which is pretty good. Does seem to
be a lot faster than previous versions
of GPT as well that I've used. It's
actually giving pretty good answers on
the responses as well. So, for example,
it's looked at the new um OpenAI codeex
update, given us a full breakdown,
formatted it pretty nicely, given us a
stats breakdown as well. It seems to
work really well natively with OpenClaw,
like better than anything else I've seen
previously. So, it's pretty good for
that. Now it says you know we can do a
second test here as well if you wanted
to find out information um even more
information but basically it has got a
bunch of new updates and these are new
things that recently came out so it's
pretty useful. Let's say uh schedule
this task um to happen daily at 4:00
a.m. See if it could do that. And then
it's given a suggestion on how we could
prompt the scheduled update as well. And
then we should have that scheduled in
done nice and easy. All right. So that
was pretty simple and easy. Let's try
something a bit more complex like for
example installing a GitHub um
repository. So what I'm going to do from
here is we're going to install this
workflow like you can see and this
basically turns um openclaw into like an
agency right so an agency team. So for
example you can create agency agents and
then they give you a full specialized
team that can for example be like one
one can be a front-end developer,
backend architect, mobile app developer
etc. Right? We could plug this into open
cloth to just make it a lot more
powerful. So, I'm going to see how long
this takes to install and set the
stopwatch over here and then we'll
install this and see how long it takes
and and whether it can actually complete
the task properly or not. So, you can
see here it's breaking down the
installation
and the GitHub details. And then it says
it should be available now to claw code
to use on this machine. And that took
1 minute to install or 1 minute 15
seconds. Pretty cool. So, let's talk
about the seven biggest upgrades inside
GPT 5.4. Number one is native computer
use, right? So, GPT 5.4 is OpenAI's
first general purpose model with native
computer use capabilities, enabling
agents to operate computers and carry
out complex workflows across
applications. This basically means the
AI can literally look at your screen,
move the mouse, click buttons, type
text, and navigate software just like a
human would. Right? Before GPT 5.4, if
you wanted AI to do something on your
computer, you had to build complicated
scripts and workarounds. Now, it's built
right into the model. Now the
interesting thing here is on the OS
world benchmark which measures how well
AI navigates desktop computers um GP 5.4
hit 75%. Whereas the human expert score
is 72.4%. So that's the first time any
AI model has beaten humans at
controlling a computer. Number two, it's
got much smarter reasoning. Right? So
GT5.4's individual claims are 33% less
likely to be false and its full
responses are 18% less likely to contain
any errors. Right? So basically it makes
fewer mistakes. It hallucinates less. It
follows your instructions more
accurately. And this is huge for anyone
using it inside Open Claw because you
need the AI to be reliable, not creative
with the truth. Additionally, a big
upgrade here is the context window. So
it supports up to 1 million tokens of
context allowing agents to plan,
execute, and verify tasks along long
horizons. What does that actually mean?
Well, it can remember and work with
roughly 750,000 words at once. That's
about 10 full novels worth of text in a
single conversation. So for openclaw
users, this means your assistant can
handle much longer, more complex tasks
without losing track of what you ask
for. And then it uses way fewer tasks um
and way fewer tokens, right? So OpenAI
reports that GP 5.4 uses um 47% fewer
tokens on some tasks than its
predecessors. Now, in terms of costs,
this isn't really a big issue unless
you're using the API, but I thought it
would cover it. So with the oorthth you
don't really need to worry about this so
far um because you're unlikely to hit
the usage limits anyway but basically
fewer tokens equals lower cost equals
faster responses right so if you're
running open claw with an API key and
paying per token this is a direct cost
sim tool search as well so previously
system prompts would lay out definitions
for all available tools when calling the
model the new system allows models to
look up tool definitions as needed
resulting in faster and cheaper requests
right now openclaw uses tons of tools
like browser um schedule tag class,
canvas, skills, etc. Before GPT 5.4,
every tool had to be described in every
single message, eating up tokens. Now,
the AI only loads the tools as she needs
for each task. Now, before we move on to
the next updates, let's just test
something else out. So, what I'm going
to do over here is we're going to take
this information like so. And this is
for my AR profit boarding community. I'm
going to see if OpenCL can build out
something nice when it comes to creating
a website. So, I'm going to say create a
beautiful,
modern,
interesting,
and fun to use website
for my AI automation community, AI
profit blog,
and then open it up. We'll see how that
performs. Let's see what questions we
got here. Kobe says, "No walking pad.
Not today." Riley says, "What's the odds
we can run open claw locally using all
three models for open router?" I I
haven't the only free model I used with
open claw and open router was directly
with uh something that was pony alpha
and that was basically like a stealth
model for the new GLM release. But I
would recommend if you want to run free
models, just run it locally through OAMA
and you can run local free models like
Quen 3.5 or GLM 4.7 Flash and those
models will run uh better, but you do
need a good setup if you're going to run
free models on Open Plus. So you need
like a Mac Studio minimum really to run
like at a decent spec. So it's going to
build out a landing page right here as
you can see. Let's just set the timer.
We'll see how long that takes. And you
can see it's it's just going to work in
the background and start working through
that. In the meantime, what we can do
over here is just run through the last
few outputs. So, um, the other thing
here as well is like GPT 5.4 has its
best ever professional work output. So,
on OpenAI's internal benchmarks, for
spreadsheet modeling, tasks, GPT 5.4
scored 87.3% compared with 68.4% for GP
5.2. Spreadsheets, presentations,
financial models, um, legal analysis,
GPT 5.4 outperforms most. And then
you've got better vision and document
reading. So on MMU Pro, GPT5.4 achieves
an 81.2% success rate without tool use.
And on Omni.bench,
average error rates dropped as well. So
basically, it can see images better,
read documents more accurately, and can
pro process full resolution images up to
10.24 million pixels. So it's still
building that out. As you can see, if
you come back here, basically, what's a
before and after? Well, you know, before
it could browse the web in a basic way.
It could answer questions and summarize
things. But it struggled with long
complex multi-step tasks, right? It
would burn through tokens fast. It
couldn't reliably control your computer.
Sometimes lost track of instructions
over low long conversations and
professional outputs were not that
great. Now with OpenClaw plus GP 5.4,
you get faster responses. You can now
reliably control your browser and
desktop apps. It can complete multi-step
workflows. It supports hot swapping,
right? And then it handles 10 times more
context, meaning longer, more complex
SAS without breaking. I don't know if I
wouldn't say that's 100% true. I would
say it just handles more context, not 10
times more. It uses nearly half the
tokens for the same work and it's
dramatically more accurate and less
likely to hallucinate. So, let's see how
it's performing. So, it's still running
through that. As you can see, I'm going
to just ask how it's getting on. It's
been 2 minutes so far. So, what are some
real world use cases? Well, for example,
you could build like a customer service
bar. You could build automated research
assistants, web automation agents, uh
productivity assistants. So you could
actually summarize your slack channels,
answer questions from your documents,
trigger automation tasks. Um and then
finally, you know, desktop automation as
well, which is a big one, too. And if
you want to switch, just update your
open call first, and then from there,
you're going to just switch inside the
onboarding to GP 5.4, and you're good to
go. So it's still building out our
website as you can see, but just to
recap on the key takeaways here. So GP
5.4 for is OpenAI's most powerful model
released on March the 5th. It's the
first AI model with native computer use.
It uses 47% fewer tokens on most tasks.
It's 33% more accurate and 18% less
likely to have errors in its responses.
It supports up to 1 million tokens of
context and OpenClaw 3.7 beta already
supports GT 5.4 natively, right? And you
can switch with a simple command. And
the best way to set this up really um is
just use the oz. So, thanks so much for
watching. If you haven't already, feel
free to check out the AR profit
boardroom. This is my AI automation
community that helps you save time,
learn AI, and grow with AI automation.
Inside the community, we have 2,600
members, which means there's always
people online, so you can ask questions,
get help, get support whenever you need
to. You can also, for example, join our
daily accountability group where you can
post your goals and stay 100% laser
focused on what you want to achieve
today. Additionally, we do weekly
updates where I basically
type up what I've learned this week,
what's actually useful and what you can
safely ignore. And then additionally,
you get weekly video coaching calls. You
get help and support in real time on
video calls. You can share your screen,
ask questions, etc. On the map, you can
meet people in your local area depending
on where you are. So, you just zoom in
and then you can DM people, ask to meet
up, jump on a Zoom call, etc. And then
inside the this section, inside the
classroom, you get all of my best
training. So, for example, you can learn
how to go from beginner to expert with
AI automation and how to build your
first AI agent in under 5 minutes. You
can also, for example, learn how to
automate X and newsletters and shorts
and Instagram and avatar videos. And
these are all systems that are working
for me. And we basically give you the
full setup and the step by step guides
as well. Now, you can see that the
website has been built and it's um set
up. It's working. It's running locally,
etc. So, that was fully built with
OpenClaw. It's even created like a nice
little uh icon for the website as well.
And this was coded with open core
directly, right? So we built out a whole
website just using open core as you can
see. So that took 5 minutes to build a
whole new website using openclaw and we
hosted it locally, built it out. Um it
even previewed it for us and actually
broke it down. It also said if you want
I can do another polish uh to just make
it more visual, more animated, more
salesy, etc. And then also you can get
my daily updates plus a six-hour course
on how to use OpenClaw and a three-hour
course over here. And I do new daily
updates on OpenClaw and all the latest
things going on in AI automation here.
Right? So this gets updated daily new
step-by-step guides, video tutorials,
etc. So you never fall behind again. On
top of that, you can learn how to get
more clients with the agency course. You
can watch about the video coaching calls
over here. You can learn how to rank
number one with AICO. And then you can
also learn how to grow a YouTube channel
with AI based on what's working for me.
So that's all inside the AI profit
boardroom. Feel free to check out link
in the comments description or go to the
aiprofitboarding.com.